[Music]
all the days to pick to fly home yeah I
always I always pick great you know
you're really you're really good at this
like it's yeah but you know it kind of
worked out for me because I we were
online I was able to get online on the
plan I I actually got a lot you know
like if I hadn't mentioned anything I
don't know if anyone would have even
noticed I was gone like I got a lot
done but you twe did something out or
whatever to the effect of you you were
so happy you're using an ARM device as
you were flying through the air or
whatever now yeah well I mean I I should
explain that partially sorry just real
quick because uh the we were often able
to fly business class from Mexico to
here and it's um this was actually like
a it was a newer plan and it was like a
first class cabin so it was like a
little nicer for some reason but the uh
Power was out in the first half of the
plane
so I was kind of worried like we weren't
going to have Wi-Fi but the Wi-Fi was
fine but this thing I charged my phone I
charged my wife's phone you know I music
going the whole time I it was uh no
problem I when I landed like but when we
got there I think I had 55% battery life
still you know it was
awesome made a big difference your exact
tweet what did you say I said there is
nothing more
exhilarating than flying with a
Snapdragon X based something something
yes there's nothing more exhilarating
than flying between countries with the
Snapdragon Snapdragon X based co-pilot
plus PC and not wearing about the
battery life for even a second what I
thought you were referring to because I
forgot that you were on a plane was the
Microsoft Flight Sim oh 2024 which came
out which came out the
gate yep um you know not compatible with
the uh the laptop I guess you could
stream it or something but well the the
real problem is that they really created
uh waiting in a terminal uh simulator
because the game they really screwed up
I don't know if thing good thing has a
lot to do on the ground in that game so
that worked out great well if you even
if you can get to the ground like people
go look at the Steam Reviews I mean they
are getting destroyed because here
here's what happens so you you download
the game but the game files don't I
don't believe and I could be slightly
wrong on this but they don't download
from Steam so typically like if you buy
whatever a game like it's coming from
Steam and whatever else so here's what
happens so you download the game you the
game and that brings up a loading screen
where it has to download a whole bunch
more files those files this is where it
gets real fun are on azer and or
wherever they store I'm assuming it's AZ
I don't know why they put them anywhere
else yeah of course whatever else they
completely just their pants for lag
of better term and so nobody can get
into the game but here's here's how it
gets worse so in Steam you have a
limited amount of time you can get get a
refund and it's based on how long you're
playing the game because the files are
coming from Azure and you have to have
the game open that clock is ACR while
those files are downloading which are
overloaded the servers it means like
nobody's able to get into this game
unless you were like one of the first
people to click it and everybody's just
okay but if you like if you wanted to
get this game from Steam for whatever
reason yeah okay you didn't get your
good day one not now Microsoft has given
provided us an ad for why you buy from
Steam and not from Xbox and uh you know
you'll be okay tomorrow or the next day
or whatever it is but like assuming that
it gets resolved but whatever they uh it
it's just one of those yeah you guys are
you guys are a trillion dollar company
and you couldn't you couldn't figure
this out like you've never come on we've
been dealing with this problem for 30
years it's like you go to a conference
you're like why does the Wi-Fi suck here
and uh you know like it's always like
this I
mean I unfortunately they launched this
thing on day one of ignite when I you
have to think like
was told to you know load balance for
all the stuff that we're selling people
on here that we make a lot of money on
and the other half of the company's like
yeah but what about flight Sim which by
the way streams some huge amount of
content five gigs an hour or something
like that yeah like the one of the ways
they I I'm curious to see this by the
way but like one of the G ways they keep
this thing so realistic I guess is
they're streaming a bunch of the content
uh when you play the game like I don't I
don't think you can download it you know
those parts of it
so yeah like even if you got in it was
probably kind of crappy you know but uh
oh well well at least this is a good
offline
exper just thinking about all those
people playing in submarines throughout
I know we all do we all yeah and and of
all people who need an airplane game
it's the people in the submarines right
they need I just some some release of
yeah the
monotony that' be a good bumper sticker
you know remember the guys in the
submarines
anyways Microsoft almost released
something I was going to buy but then
they didn't that Windows 365 link device
yeah just put it just just just put an
just put arm just put an arm chip
charges $66.99 put an arm chip in there
$6.99 give us 16 gigs of RAM and some
storage yep uh I this is also something
we've been dealing with for a long time
which is they'll never do do what you
want they'll they'll do they want and
what they want is something completely
different from what you want cuz they
want to sell 365 or Windows 365 Cloud
subscriptions or whatever they are for
that you need for that thing which have
got to be pretty hefty per month right
you know for decent bandwidth and yeah
this is for like Banks and people not
like us it's not designed for us but
like the it's you got the form factor
you got the form factor everyone looks
at that thing and they're like yep
that's what I want what's inside of it
oh nothing well I be a little bit of ram
well there's some unnamed intelon
processor or something
probably the thing the surface go Intel
Gold Series and we're like what the what
it's definitely something like that like
why wouldn't it be the gold chips by the
way throughout are actually the bin
chips that just fell on the floor
they're
like before but you're some of the still
work it's too cynical for how young you
are this is something you need to grow
into I mean it has HDMI it has display
support it does 2 4K like put an 8cx in
there dude 6.99 I again common sense is
not going to help you it's it's not
that's not how this works it's like so
close yeah
sorry I blame you for being on a
plane
I yeah well I was supposed to be in
Chicago you know originally and then um
Microsoft was so late getting back to
everybody most people I I actually I'm
surpris I thought Mary Joe was not going
I guess she did go but uh we were
talking about this I was like no I'm not
booking last minute because these idiots
can't get their act together this is not
right I'll spend another week in
Mexico um but I could have also gone to
New York because there was a like
Qualcomm thing I kind of want to check
in on now because I guess they talked a
little bit finally about the nextg yeah
a little bit about like the core of it
yeah that'll eventually come to whatever
next gen it's got to be on some I don't
know what the schedule is now because
normally they would have announced this
at their event in October
but so I don't know I me I I I think
they're still talking late next year but
I it's it's you know it's different
right so I don't know we'll see which is
really bad of them we've talked about
this before but it's like your hcx stuff
just hit this is like the first holiday
Christmas where people could go buy an
Arm based laptop or whatever and the
first opportunity you have to do this
with a decent chip you're already
filling the market Channels with stuff
about what's coming next year and it's
like maybe why they waited it maybe they
you know they they did a very bear
reveal is my understanding from
yesterday and then uh yeah maybe that's
maybe that's part of it October is not
the right time to announce something
when you're selling something now you
know it's why Google switched around
their Android release schedule right I
mean which they just put up release
preview yeah so maybe well when
Microsoft released 24 H2 originally in
June that was the right time frame for
that right that that should be the
annual cycle like for you know so you
can hit back to school and then the
holiday and all that stuff I mean so I
don't know maybe snap dragon or qualcom
should do that for the PC chips too I
don't know I do enjoy just how much
Google just doesn't care about Android
like release like making a deal about
like here you go it's yeah I I always
yeah so I Android releases for a while
now have been kind of um you know
uneventful in a way it's not really fair
it's a mature platform etc etc but you
know whatever it's the way it is but
then they do these quarter quarterly
releases they do pixel drops which are
usually pretty fantastic so maybe that's
like it's not so horrible I mean but
Apple usually gets more of a big
bang uh and then Microsoft is is like a
car crash where you can't identify the
victim anymore and it's like I we no one
knows what's going on it's so you know
it's different styles it's fine it's all
good
man oh I miss Windows 8
anyway well we might learn today
speaking of Google whether or not well
it's not it's the recommendation that
Google would have to divest somehow
Chrome yeah or something right I mean
they they looked at and or or it's not
official yet but I mean they looked at
making them get rid of
Android uh they looked at making them
get rid of their ad
business um I guess those two are a
little more radical you know I a lot of
people this is like everything else in
our world it's very controversial some
people like Yep this is what's going to
happen other people like I don't get
this it doesn't make any
sense I don't know you have to look at
the vector for the abuse and make sure
you get rid of it like one of the things
they will be getting rid of of course is
their special arrangements with apple
and Milla and whomever
else and um you know people like yeah
but what about Milla they're going to go
out of business it's it's like if your
business is propped up by yeah I mean
like I no offense but like we're not
it's you know we're not here to dull out
Charities like the little fish that fly
like in a whale's mouth or a shark's
mouth that eat the food out and they
only exist because the whale exists like
that's not a yeah it's even worse than
that though because it was like when uh
Microsoft invested in apple to keep them
in business so they could be like look
there's a we have a competitor now
obviously that how that work out but at
the time you know it was it looked like
a charity yep and um that's what
Google's doing with Milla you know they
could just be like look there's another
there's an open different something
something browser
whatever yeah is there I don't know
they're on last I don't know I feel bad
for them I wish I wish those guys could
make it work but um I don't know maybe
if uh Google has to get rid of chrome
they could finally pick up Chrome and
even make a business out of it I don't
know I don't know if Google has to sell
this thing Microsoft has the chance to
do the funniest thing
possible which is buy it can you imagine
oh I can't could you imagine no I I can
imagine no God no you know how funny
that would be if they're like my my my
how the tables have turned no but you
can't they can't let Microsoft buy this
but who has the who has the money to be
able to buy Chrome actually what is
Chrome even worth if it's not attached
to the Google ad engine it's it's really
I don't think it's worth much dude like
I don't know I really don't know but I
mean it's worth tens of billions for
sure you think so go have the most to to
wake up and say I'm going to go buy the
most popular browser on the planet I
think so so I don't know I mean it you
you strip away the Google stuff which is
what Microsoft did essentially I mean I
guess they built off a chro chromium has
yeah and then would they shove in its
place that's what I mean so but so
you're not going to have that what's
left that's what that's what I'm saying
I mean yeah you can build a browser that
differentiates on features Opera V valdi
Arc whatever Firefox you know are those
like good businesses I I I I don't know
I don't know I really don't I don't know
what's left like once you strip away the
stuff that Google uses to maintain their
dominance or whatever like you know it
would be hilarious is if they if I could
buy Chrome let's say I could go buy a
you might be able to that's my point
maybe we should go in you know Buy in
like a cabin that we time share with
skele Chrome and here's what I would do
this is this is brilliant mhm I would
build the world's best ad blocker and
charge a monthly fee for
it wow like go go in the complete
opposite direction yeah yeah like two
bucks a month use Chrome with and built
to an ad blocker like like a real ad
blocker like you block origin that they
just got rid of because it was too
good what if they we're bringing back
manifest too what if you block or
somehow had the pennies to put this
together like yep here we are I I mean
it be fascinating to
see I don't you know who's gonna end up
with it though it's gonna be like Oracle
or sales force or something dumb like
that oh God kill me I just no C field
yes IBM IBM I buying it and renaming it
Watson i' used have a web browser didn't
they like navigate or or yeah I think
something stupid like that who was theet
uh Netscape guy Mark Andre B
yeah yeah if he can get back from his
right-wing nut job uh commune that he
lives in a um I don't know I I the the
companies that could do right well won't
do right by it you know Apple Microsoft
whatever they're not going to let
companies like that buy these things get
starduck to buy it that' be fun starduck
yeah gets like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
something like that small you guys like
tabs H boy I don't know I I the world I
don't know we'll see I'm I'm really I am
curious about this I don't have an
opinion by the way on whether this is a
good remedy or not I
I I'm fascinated by any attempt by
Regulators
[Music]
to look at some business and say okay
this is how you have to te you know tear
it down to stop the abuse um Google is a
complic because what okay so you're
right I mean I tend to agree with you so
Chrome goes Its Own Way the first thing
they're going to do do is be like okay
who's buying the default ad or default
search position so they're going to
recreate Mozilla like instantly yep
because that's the first line of Revenue
which will obviously be Google paying
for
it other
than they you know other than all the
talk from the past 20 years you know
Milla might be the
logical outcome here right yeah I mean I
but I don't I know I know it's like uh
you know when inbev bought Budweiser
anheiser
whatever my dream for this company was
that the CEO was going to get up on a
stage and be like yeah we just completed
the acquisition whatever x billion
dollars we're not selling any more of
this beer it's crap you're welcome you
know that kind of thing so like with
like yeah does Mozilla do that it's like
if you're uh using Chrome right now
you're going to Auto upgrade to Firefox
tomorrow thank you're welcome good night
everybody you know I don't know it's a
fun outcome